hey rockers Aaron you ever by rockler
studios on the end reverses game channel
today we're playing some more of this
satanic game five nights at Freddy's 2
were going in tonight for this is just
not gonna go well for me man i'm gonna
try survive hopefully i won't get
murdered good chance i probably will but
I'm gonna keep on with the strategy
instantly going in here whining this
puppy up flashing my light for the first
like couple of seconds also i have to do
is really just point us up like nothing
comes said oh that was just nobody oh
hey it's mangle on the top that's what
that sounds coming from Jesus okay um
line this up I'm just waiting for foxy
really talk she's taking her sweet time
so I the wine is up so he took me about
five four three two there you go so now
I can flash it flash it quite a bit I'm
gonna come back here in line this
brother okay now wind it up oh so I
should be good as long as I don't get
stuck by balloon boy which consecutively
happens over and over and over it's kind
of annoying really I should be pretty
good but um yeah it's literally balloon
boy balloon boy is the only cost of my
death recently chica got me a couple
videos ago but um yeah besides that it's
mostly balloon boy I got to make sure
who's coming in the vets and I can hear
them if it's balloon boy I need a hurry
up and hide from him regardless of what
happens I gotta make sure balloon boy
well um she's a set something well um
boxes over there that's why this thing
and I wind this up a tad bit more
hugging my head for a second oh my god
okay so mingle is coming in given hasn't
come in just yet so I'm gonna keep
winding this up Oh God okay just gonna
keep on repeating this pattern okay so i
think it's folks again this is foxy foxy
yep it's once again night my head for a
second
okay so mingles not doing anything mango
you can leave now you know that right no
mango you can go oh hey you go away go
away wait despise our assistance
Jesus as Fox against boxing the flasher
come on
I laugh
I gotta who's coming in I could be
screwed
this is
so it's just awesome
actually it's never just boxing it's
awful it's boxy but um yeah this is not
looking so good for me mingle keeps
bugging me
just keep hiding in my head they should
be good okay I don't think that was fast
enough i think i might be screwed i
might be screwed on my school my school
in schools police up there's no police
no here baby lord jesus sweet baby Jesus
me
what the Freak was that man go go away
man God dang it ah ok well prophetic
ending for a pathetic day hope y'all
enjoy this episode this is gonna be a
hard game but I got halfway there kinda
five nights at Freddy's 2 if you enjoyed
it slap a leg leave a comment and I will
talk to you later why hope you guys
enjoyed this video make sure to stay up
to date with me on Twitter and Instagram
it is at frc world I also post daily on
all three of my channel snapping
firerockerzstudios frz world and my
gaming channel and reverses games I have
them all actually annotated on the
screen right now and in the description
below if you are on a mobile device and
I stream every single week it is twitch
on TV / firerockerzstudios everything I
said today is in the description below
so check that out guys make sure to give
a like to this video if you guys want to
of course and let me know what you guys
down in the comment section down below
like always i'm andrew from
firerockerzstudios you guys are rockers
and i will talk to you later bye